.TH MPING 1 "January 2025" "mping 0.01" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
mping \- terminal UI for multi-host ping monitoring
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mping
[options] [hosts...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mping
is a terminal user interface (TUI) that pings multiple hosts concurrently, displaying RTT, success/failure counts, last OK time, and errors. Hosts can be added or removed at runtime.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-interval, \-i \fISECONDS\fR
Default ping interval (default 10).
.TP
.B \-\-timeout, \-t \fISECONDS\fR
Default ping timeout (default 2).
.TP
.B \-\-refresh, \-R \fISECONDS\fR
Screen refresh interval (default 1).
.TP
.B \-\-backend \fI(system|native)\fR
Select ping backend (default system).
.TP
.B \-\-max-concurrent-pings \fIN\fR
Worker pool size (default 64).
.TP
.B \-\-ping-queue-capacity \fIN\fR
Ping job queue capacity (default 256).
.TP
.B \-\-file, \-f \fIPATH\fR
File with one host per line.
.TP
.B \-\-config \fIPATH\fR
YAML configuration file.
.TP
.B \-\-theme, \-T \fINAME\fR
Select theme by name.
.TP
.B \-\-list-themes
List discovered theme names.
.TP
.B \-\-version
Print version and exit.
.TP
.B \-\-help, \-h
Show help.
.SH CONFIGURATION
Config search order:
1) \-\-config /path/to/config.yaml
2) $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/mping/config.yaml
3) $HOME/.config/mping/config.yaml
4) $HOME/.mping/config.yaml
.P
See README for full YAML schema. Themes are loaded from .theme files in ./themes, the config directory and its themes subdir, and system locations (/usr/local/share/mping/themes, /usr/share/mping/themes, /opt/homebrew/share/mping/themes).
.SH CONTROLS
Arrow keys/PageUp/PageDown to navigate.
.br
a add hosts; o cycle sort; s settings; r reverse sort; i set interval; t set timeout; d delete host; h/? help; q/Ctrl+C quit.
.SH AUTHOR
mping developers.
.SH SEE ALSO
ping(8)
